WORKSHOP-3
[Music] back. Hey [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello. Hi everyone. Okay, I hope all of you are um able to see me, hear me. If you can drop a hi, hello or just a thumbs up in the comment section then that would be helpful. Okay, I have seen a lot of comments have started coming in. Great. So I can start. Okay. So hello everyone. Good evening. Um I'm so happy to see you all here today. Thank you so much for joining. So today we will first discuss in brief about the Jenna exchange hackathon. First we will go through the important timeline so that you do not miss out on any important deadline that is coming and then we will start with today's workshop which is on how to deploy a secure uh MCP server on cloudr run. Okay. So um I'm sure most of you have already who have attended our previous sessions they already know about what this program is all about but for all our new joiners uh Jenna exchange hackathon is the second phase of J exchange program where developers of India can upskill themselves in AI um we invite all the innovators student and professional developers um startups to leverage Google cloud's cutting edge AI technology and um impact India's future by solving actual real world problems. So Ja exchange hackathon is the second phase of JA exchange program where you actually get to build something and we have some great challenges for both student and professional developers and for professional developers we have um some of our partners who have contributed to problem statements such as NASCOM JK venture and ease my trip. So it's not just about winning it's about making a real difference. So make sure you check out all of the problem statements and select the one that resonates with you the most. Now to we want to make sure that your hard work is rewarded. So there are several rewards and benefits as to why one should participate or one should become part of this hackathon. Starting with uh which is the most important to be very honest is that you will be working on challenges that can actually help people in communities in India because if you have gone through the problem statements you must have realized that the problem statements range um from let's say mental health or how to analyze startup evaluations better then um agriculture healthcare as well. So you'll be working on real world challenges and your solutions can actually bring a change. So that is the um top most like important rewards or benefits of this hackathon that you get to create an impact. Second is there is a total prize pool of 65 lakhs for top solutions and winners which is the combined price pool for both professional and student track. Again there are separate tracks. For professional developers there are separate set of problem statements that they have to select. For student developers there is a separate set of problem statement from which they can select. Each team has to select only one problem statement and submit only one solution. And similarly for all the professional problem statements or for the professional track the team should be uh compromised of consisted of professionals only and for students it should comprise of students only. Then um next is you'll get access to hands-on workshops on Google cloud's latest AI tools and technologies to build your project just like this one. So on every Wednesday we have been hosting these workshops on a regular basis. So we'll have one coming next week as well. Then um you get to meet and know other developers from across the nation because we have developers participating from so many states of India who are just as excited about AI and other technologies as you are. So you can join our discord channel and uh you can meet new developers or fellow developers there. You can also form a team there. So um you can form a team of up to one to four members and so if you are still looking out for team members maybe you can join the discord channel and there you will find other developers who have already participated in this hack. Next uh something really important all the deadlines. So the window to register and submission is closing fast. The deadline is 21st of September which means you only have 10 days left to register and submit your idea and um there will be no further extensions. So don't don't wait until the last moment and uh like miss this incredible chance. For all those people who are joining us for the very first time, make sure that you register today to save your spot. And all the people who have already registered or have formed the teams, make sure that you submit your uh solutions before 21st of September because there will be no um extensions post that 21st September is the absolute last deadline for registrations, team formation and prototype submissions as well. Okay. So I can give a quick uh quick walk through of the platform. So one second. Okay. So this is the program hackathon website. So all the important information that we just talked about for example uh rewards and benefits who can participate all the sessions and workshops that have been happening everything is listed here. Then um the several phases of the hackathon journey. For example, currently we are in the phase one and phase two simultaneously. People can register and they can submit their prototypes as well. Um then all the problem statements are listed here. For professional track these are the problem statements that are present here. For student track if you can just click here all the problem statement that are there for student developers they will come here. Once you click on view more you'll get more understanding of what each problem statement is about. Then all the important dates are mentioned here. Again timeline is a little subjective to change. So some dates might change a little here and there but the prototype submissions and uh the registrations are closing on 21st of September. So that is for for sure. So make sure that you submit and you register before that. Now for all the requirements that is what you need to submit that is also listed here along with there are some FAQ. So if you still have any questions you can read those or you can reach out to us at ja exchange uh program support at the ratehyperskll.com. Now once you register then this is the dashboard where you land on. So in the road map section um all the necessary next steps that you need to take they will they will be listed here. For example I have already registered but team formation module is still live and I have not yet formed a team. So I can just click here on this button and then go to the team management section. I can also come here from the team management header that is present here and either I can click on explore public teams and all the teams which have already been informed in this hackathon they are listed here. So I can just click on request to join and a request will be sent to the team leader of that team and it's up to them if they want to um accept or reject my request and if not then I can create my own team as well and if someone has uh sent me a request to join their team it will appear here and if I have sent someone request then request sent uh that will appear here in this tab. Next if I want to submit my solution then I can submit here. Uh again the exact template that you need to follow for creating the deck or the presentation for your prototype you need to you can download it from here. Make sure that you follow this template only. Just click on here. Click here to download and this will get downloaded. Then um fill out all the mandatory fields. For example, select the problem statement. Again make sure that if you are a student team, you select one of the student problem statements. If you are a professional team, you select one of the professional problem statements. Then a small brief about your solution. uh what is the main USB of your solution? Then uh submit the deck that you have created here in the PDF format. And then there are some other questions as well. For example, sharing a video of up to 3 minutes. Make sure that in the video you include the demo of your prototype. Then share the GitHub repo here of the prototype that you have built and the working link of your prototype. Again it should be a simple version of the product or the website or the application that you have built not the full-fledged product but at least two three features should be working. Now uh in the interaction section um all the online workshops or sessions that we are having they will be listed here. So you can just attend from here. All the sessions that have already happened they are also listed here. So if you want to maybe go through one of it again or maybe want to refresh your memory or anything you can just watch from here as well. Then in the challenges section all the problem statements are listed. So this is the entire view of the dashboard. Now coming back to the slides great. So that's all that I had about the program and with that I'd like to introduce our speaker for today's workshop. We have Pratik Shanel here. She's custom engineer at Google cloud and she will be leading the hands-on workshop on how to build a secure MCP server on cloud run. So please keep your laptops ready. Please make sure that your internet connection is working. Hello. Hi. Hey. Hi. So you're good to get started, right? Yeah. Yeah, we can start. Sure. Hi everyone. So um I sha so I I'll just start with a quick um intro of mine and then um you know we can um get started. So my name is Pratisha I work with Google cloud um I am a customer engineer at Google. Um so the agenda for today is um to walk you through what exactly is MCP server. um because I feel that u you know MCP server um like while you're doing these projects understanding of MCP server is much more important. So we will walk you through how you can host a MCP server on cloud run in your uh genai projects. So let me quickly share my screen. Uh we will do a quick lab on this and you will uh you can claim the claim the credits and you can set up the lab and do it along with me. Yeah. So I think there was some issue. Um let me try to Okay. So, um sorry, I think there was some um technical issue. I got disconnected. So, I hope you all can see my screen, right? Yes. Okay. All right. So, let's get started. Um yeah so uh I'll just quickly start with a quick uh we already have covered 15 minutes so u quickly run through what is MCP um and then we will uh give you a quick brief on cloud run some of you might already be working on cloud run um and then we will take you through the lab how you can deploy this MCP server on cloud run basically right so when we talk about MCP MCP was introduced by um entropic um you know and basically it's just a way so that you can um communicate um the LLMs if you're building your own LLM or if you're using any of the existing AI models like Gemini or you know any other so you can use MCP um you know uh MCP server as a medium um to uh sort of communicate with the other data sources or some of the um APIs which are um you know um already available. So if I take an example, think of it as uh you know let's say you are building a travel application for example, right? So uh or a travel agent uh in an application precisely. So in those in those uh cases you would need to basically map or get gather data about you know the flight information or the hotels right from a third party APIs right so uh rather than calling the APIs uh from multiple sources where you know um the data is hosted for example if you're building a travel agent uh you would need to contact multiple websites like you know make my trip or any other u you know travel partners, right? So there you would need to contact the APIs of those travel websites to sort of gather the information, right? So when you're building an agent um you know your agent would be precisely talking to an LLM right in the back end but your LLM would need information basically uh you know uh from uh um uh the third party uh websites essentially to gather details about the flights the timing source destination so all these data rather than calling the APIs of those server every time you can basically have a you know piece of software in between which has all these data embedded something like a MCP server. So I will not go too much into depth for these but it's just as a sort of a plug-in between a AI model and your third party data sources you can understand this for now. Uh so quickly uh what I explained you that for example you have a client right and you need to access data from APIs like I gave you a travel agent example. So if it needs to talk to APIs of for example make my trip and the example is that you are building a travel agent right so basically you need to call these APIs every time right so in in the world of AI you can't like be writing so many APIs to call it multiple times so rather than you put all the all those information in a in a middleware you can say which is called a MCP server which will sort of make your task easier. Okay. So, um MCP server like you have a client and a server and there are three major things uh when it comes into MCP there are three major things tools, resources and prompts right. So tools are basically where you can retrieve and search the data. Resources are basically your database records. So taking the same example if I talk about you know uh uh for example the make my trip agent it has some uh you know files in the data right so those would be your resources and prompt would be basically some of the templates that you would be writing for u Q&A and you know transcript summary things like that so while you while you will be deploying this yourself in the lab right now but yeah these are the three major things that you need to write in and create those piece of code for your MCP server. All right. So this is about MCP server. Uh many of you might already be working on cloud run. So I will not go too much in depth in cloud run but um it it's just a serverless uh way of running a piece of code. So it's very developer centric very developer friendly and you know you just need to focus on your code and not the infrastructure. Um it's scalable, cost optimized. Um there are a lot of benefits to it. So uh we will see how to deploy a cloud run and how to host this MCP server in a cloud run. Yeah. So it it's uh more on you know the some of the benefits about the runtime and things like that. So you can run any kind of code, any containers, it can be available on demand uh and you know uh you don't need to pre-provision and things like that. So I will skip this part but I wanted to focus on the design patterns right when you're hosting a cloud run um you can basically host uh you can run lang chain firebase or you know any kind of um any kind of you know any piece of software in this and it has a very close integration with uh some of the services uh you know that Google has like cloud SQL for your vector DB storage and Vortex AI for your um you inferencing. So yeah, so this is more on the cloud run side. Now I I wanted to take a minute to sort of uh tell you why cloud run for MCP servers, right? So you can see that there is an MCP host which is a basically an agent and then we have a MCP client and a server, right? So uh cloudr run will you know make uh it very uh make the services uh which you are running on the cloud run it gives you a https out of the box URL right so you don't need to configure too much of things there so it will make some of the tasks very very um easy for you to you know configure those things and then you know some of the other benefits like scalability and you know all these things centralized server um is also one of the major requirement when you are building a MCP because if you're running it on a remote server then it would be accessible from multiple clients right so these are some of the benefits of um uh cloud run uh MCP servers being hosted on cloud run okay so um so just a quick view on um an AI agent is a system that uses two things right one is a LLM model uh if you would have attended earlier earlier sessions. I think couple of discussions might have already went into agent um uh ADK models but precisely it needs two things. one is a model to sort of generate the content for you and then u some some information or some um you know um data from external systems like I told you right if you're building an agent it will use an LLM to sort of summarize it and generate but LLM cannot have the data right which you are requesting from other sources right so you need a way to interact via tools right So uh this this is an example of u you know um uh the lab that you would be doing. So this is an example of uh uh MCP server which we would be hosting here and we would be providing the information about animals here. You know we will be writing a code for this here but just kind of explaining you what we are going to do. So we will be using a cloud shell editor. uh when we when I'll walk you through the labs, we will be using a cloud shell editor where you would be configuring the MCP server in your projects and then u you would be interacting with the Gemini. So this uh this is my agent um this is my agent this is my LLM and this is my tools right if you try to map it map it this way so now let's see when we are asking where are the uh peninsulants then uh it says I need to call the zoo MCP server so the details about this is on the MCP server so it's sending a task to the LLM which is Gemini in this case and then um it needs to reach out to the MCP server where you have hosted those uh data and it will fetch you a response for this. All right. So yeah, MCP server provides Gemini with a tool to find animal species and a tool to find specific details about an animal. Right? So as I told you that it will uh all these details like get animal species, get uh animal details it will provide uh from the description of the tool Gemini can determine which tool to use. Yeah. So uh uh like whatever the description we are giving it can determine which tools to use. Uh now taking a quick um look into the configurations when we are trying to configure the MCP server. So yeah you would so here we would be basically using a fast MCP fast MCP is a open-source um u u MCP which is available you can uh you know download it and you can use it so just showing a quick view of the function how you can write this tools that we were talking about um yeah so yeah I think yeah it it decides it needs to use a tool and asks for permissions um Then it is asking allow execution of MCP tool. And when we say yes, then it's going to out to the MCP server to get this information about um you know animals and the species. Yeah. When the data is returned, Gemini can answer. So it's returning the data here about all the details about the animal and then uh you know it goes to Gemini and it can generate a specific answer and give it back. All right. So this uh this was about the uh uh details about uh some of the uh concepts that we would be doing. Now um I will quickly um you know walk you through the process of uh claiming the credits so that we can quickly get started for the lab. Sorry. Okay. So, claiming the credits. Um, you would need to go into this URL. Let me just copy this and paste it for you. I'll just quickly do a quick walk through of this and um I have put the URL in the chat. Ashwa, if you can copy this and u put this in the chat once for everyone. All right. So yeah, you can open this URL and then uh once you open it uh you have to log in using u the Google using the uh Gmail ID basically but just make sure you're using the ID where you are not running an existing account otherwise you might not be able to claim the credit so it might be best to use the personal Gmail account right and then um you would get a option like this where you can click and uh access your credits. Okay. So, you need to accept and continue and uh yeah, make sure you're applying for correct account. Uh next step would be u uh I'll I'll walk I'll walk you through this in the console but just while you claim this uh credits um I will not be able to show you that because of the account but yeah once you claim the credits and uh once you verify that in the billing you can stop for some time. I'll walk you through the lab after that. Uh but yeah, you can once you claim the credit, you can just simply create a project. So you can see a create uh select a project here or create you can use this option and create a uh project for you. Uh and then uh yeah, so when you're creating a project, you have to uh link the billing account. So you will see that the GCP free trial uh billing account uh would have been created as when you followed the link and then you can um click on create. Uh so when you go into the billing console uh you can um see that these uh free trial billing credits uh is already showing under your account. Right? So this was the process to um uh uh claim the credits. I will put the link in the chat to go through the labs and then uh we will do this lab together. Okay. So let me already used in the credits. So if you would have attended this uh session earlier then uh it will not allow you to redeem the credits again uh then you would already uh have some credits available right so you can simply go and start the lab. If any of you has already uh you know um done this uh uh lab earlier then you will not be able to redeem it again. So in that case you will have to uh you know uh do uh you can directly use the same project and u uh do it again. So let me just uh put the link for the lab in the chat. So sha if you can uh share this link with the team for going through the lab. Meanwhile, I will uh walk them through the process of uh going through the lab. If any of you who has already done the labs, then uh earlier then yeah lab link I think shwa is posting it. Um uh so if you have already uh yeah the lab link is here. If you have already claimed the credit in previous labs then you will not be able to u you know u claim it again but you would have enough credits available to do this uh lab again. All right. So without going further let's quickly go through the steps. I hope everyone of you has the uh link now. Uh if not then Shwetta will paste the link again. But this is the link to uh go through the labs. We will be uh doing the uh project setup uh enabling the billing and project setup and then we will uh follow this lab. So parallelly u as you all have the link so you can open this link go to the GCP console. I have my GCP console open so I will also parally um try to do this lab with you. It's a very um small lab. Um if you uh quickly try to do it, you will be able to easily finish it within 10 to 12 minutes so that we have some uh time to go through uh you know the Q&As's. So uh I was uh telling about the project if any if any of you are already in the GCP console you can click one of the project here and make sure that the billing is um enabled for you. you are able to claim the credits and um you know you can uh see this. So quickly for anyone who is not able to um kind of go through the billing console and um you know see if their projects are linked to the billing or not you can go to the uh billing um from here you see the four like the hamburger menu and you can see the billing here and you can go to the billing account. Make sure that your projects are linked to a billing account. So uh if for example this is my console so you can see that there are multiple projects and you know the billing accounts are linked to it. So for example uh you see a billing account ID linked to it right. So you can do that the uh and then make sure that you have the free credits uh showing up as well in your console. All right. So, um we are in the project already. So, let's I already have a billing enabled and my project is created. So, I will move to the third step. U if any of you are not there yet then just um follow the link to claim the credits. create a new project uh from the dashboard. Uh you see the dashboard here in cloud overview. You can uh create the project and um you can um you know um start working on it. Meanwhile, I'll uh start with the first step which is u opening a cloud shell editor. So there is a link here. Um right and I will try to open the cloud shell editor link here in the in another tab. So the provisioning of cloud shell editor takes few seconds. You need to authorize this and then it will start provisioning uh the cloud shell editor. [Music] Okay. So this is my terminal. Uh now uh we need to set the projects and few other things. So uh since the terminal is here uh we will go and open the terminal here. [Music] Okay. Um now uh when you once you open the terminal you have to set your project right. And uh one important thing is that you need the u project ID here. So you can set the project here and use the project ID. [Music] Sorry, it is a bit slow. Okay. Now, uh you might need to see the project ID. You need to go to the dashboard here and you there are three things. Project number, project ID. Uh make sure you copy this project ID. [Music] Okay. So it's updated now. Uh now once the project ID is set uh yeah so you will see that your uh project is updated. Now the second step is to enable the APIs. So we need to enable the APIs, Google APIs and the artifact registry. So let's do that. Okay. So we have enabled the um APIs. The fifth step is to prepare your Python project. Right. So uh we will use the uv and uh pi project toml file to create that. So we will create a folder with the name mcp on cloud run to store the source code for the deployment. Okay. So I already have a file. So now um I'll create the Python project. Okay. So the project is initialized now. Um I will create this file. [Music] Okay. So, uh we we have u set all the details in this uh file like the description, the uh you know the name and the version and everything. Okay. Now let's go to uh the main step where we are trying to create the uh zoo mcp server. Right. So as I told you that we would be using fast MCP which is a standard framework for working with uh model context protocol and it provides a quick way to build MCP servers and client in Python. So um yeah so we will run uh this command to add fast MCP as a dependency. Right. So yeah, so this is done. Um now we will open this file cloud shell edits server. py. Um so what we will do is we will so if you would have um noted when I was presenting u that it uh you know we enter some details about fetching the details about the animals and things like that. So we would be creating a dictionary of animals in the zoo. If you clearly look through the code, we are creating the species name, age, uh what is the enclosure and everything, right? So right now you have the code ready here. So you can just copy it and um mention it. But when you're trying to create it for your projects, you can definitely use this um uh sorry, you can you can definitely use this fast MCP for that and do the configuration in a uh similar way. Right? So yeah, this is done. Uh I have copied this already. Now I will deploy it to the cloud run. Right? So uh for deploying it to the cloud run we will create a docker file. Okay. So let's create a docker file and then uh we will uh include this code in the docker file uh to use uh u tool for running the uh server uh py file that we created where we had added the details about the animals. Right. So let's paste this and then save. Okay. Now you will run this command to deploy the application to the uh cloud run. So let's deploy this application. Okay. So you can see that uh building container. So it is creating a container in the back end. Okay. So um yeah. So once this is done uh then we will uh confirm that the uh creation of new artifact registry repository is there or not. So we will deploy from the artifact u registry. Uh right uh and once that is done then we will uh add the remote MCP server to Gemini CLI and we will use Gemini CLI to query the MCP server. And when we query the MCP server we will ask some of the details about fetching the details about the animal species which we have already put in the MCP server. So it's creating for me. Uh it's building the docker file and uploading the sources. Setting up the IM policy. It's going to take few seconds. [Music] Do we need database for MCP like Postgress SQL? It depends if you're building if you're trying to put the information on a database you can. Right now in this example, we are creating a smaller MCP server by manually adding the details in the u uh in you know smaller MCP server which is hosted on cloud run. uh we don't but you can uh use a database it can use to communicate uh an MCP server can communicate uh to multiple uh databases like cloud SQL or it can talk to any of the you know the APIs. Can we go through the steps again? Which steps uh you want me to explain? Go to the when you say the credit given for previous workshop has expired I think it has a expiry date uh which is not like few days I think it's months uh so I I don't know how it expired but what I know is we can't stuck in step two okay let me go back. Okay, let's see what is step two. So, step two is project setup. Uh, create a Google account, right? So, you all have your Gmail account. So you don't need to use you can use your personal account. If you have already claimed credits using one Gmail account then if you have any other Gmail account you can probably use that but if you are using the same account you may not be able to claim it again. Um enable billing right so let me go to the slide again uh and see where you are stuck. So when you click on that link right you go and login with your Gmail ID and then you click here to claim the credit right. So you see this email if you have used one email uh and already claimed it then I think you cannot claim it again. Uh but if you have any other email you can try that. So once you click on that you accept and continue and it will automatically like once you accept and continue you will automatically go to the GCP console like this right and you can u create a project. So if you go here you can you will once you uh you know log into the GCP console you can go to the welcome page or homepage and you can create a project from here right. So uh yeah so you can see this I already have a project created but you can go here and you can create a new project. If any of you are struggling to create a new project you can um click here and there is a option called new project. Once you click on this uh new project you can give it any name. The billing account name has to be the one which should come here which you have already uh when you claim the credit it creates a billing account here by itself and then you can create and uh you can save and it will create a billing account for you right so once you are there you can just go here and you can open the editor link which is in the this step and authorize with the project ID which is This is your project ID. It will automatically uh let you uh to go there. Anyway, so we will just finish this quickly and try to cover uh some of the questions that you have. So uh I think we were in step this. So we have already uh deployed this. [Music] Okay. So uh yeah. So let me see if it has been deployed. So we can see that uh my zoo server has already been deployed and I have a URL here which I can see this is the um this is my MCP server endpoint basically. Right. So now that I have MCP server deployed on cloud run I already have a endpoint ready without doing any additional configuration. Right now I will quickly try to test it. So um we will go to uh we will we will give some permissions to call the remote MCP server. [Music] Okay. And then um you will save the uh GCB project number and environment variables. [Music] [Music] Okay. And then uh we will use a Gemini CLI. Um I will not be able to cover more on Gemini CLI because of the lack of time. But it's just a command line interface uh right which uh which uh we can use to interact with the MCP server. [Music] Okay. So [Music] okay so I already have added this. So I will save this. Now I will use the Gemini CLI to interact with the MCP server. [Music] Okay. So, it is connecting now to MCP server and now I can um ask u some of the questions. So we will give some um um we will try to list the uh tools. So we'll type NCP [Music] uh and then I will ask one of my question where can I find penguins and I know that I've added these details while configuring the MCP server. So, it's it's trying to query it. [Music] So you can see the answers um here which it is trying to fetch and we have added these details while um configuring the MCP server right and then there are couple of debugging techniques like quit and then enter just Gemini CLI is basically u you know a CLI to um you can interact with code assist and you can use code assist in it and you can interact with any of the uh uh APIs or any of the MCP servers to kind of get the answers from it. So yeah, so um yeah, so this is how you can uh essentially configure MCP server. So let me stop sharing my screen and let me so um how to let me try to answer some of the questions now since we have already uh completed the um lab part of it. So I'll I'll just go to the bottom and see how to unlink billing account set to a wrong project. Okay, let me show you how to do that. Okay. So, you go to billing and then you go to uh manage billing accounts and then you go to your projects and then here you see three dots. Here you can change the uh billing ID. So essentially you need to go to billing and in billing you will see uh select your billing account go to your projects and you can u change the billing account from here. Oh sorry my screen is not shared. Share my screen. Okay I hope it is visible now. Uh so um essentially you will go to billing and in the billing um you will see uh your billing account right. So when you go to your manage billing account, you will see these list of your billing accounts and here you will see your projects and u here you have these three dots where you can change the billing basically and you can unlink your project. [Music] Okay. So let's still not visible. One second. [Music] Okay. So quickly I'll cover it again. uh you go to billing and then uh your billing accounts and then here you will see your projects right and in in this you will see three dots here you can change the billing and unlink it okay so this was about that let's go to other question [Music] running docker in a docker. Um you can try it maybe take a compute engine run docker in it and try running docker on top of that. Um you can try that. I've not but definitely give it a try. Uh if you talk about the problem statement of student AI tool must to make our marketplace or AI tool comparable with existing systems. And what does existing systems mean? So market market marketplace or uh this particular problem the question that this person has um this is related to a particular problem that have been added under the student track. So um I am sure that it was covered in the student problem statement explainer session that we had two to three weeks ago. So there are two things either you can check the recording again uh where the speaker explained what exactly needs to be built some use cases as well under his problem statement or you can reach out to us on support uh we will share the email in the comment section and uh we'll let you know there if you have any questions regarding the workshop that happened today that for that is here to take those out any questions to hackathon maybe or other problem statements either you can drop us in the in the comment section or you can reach out to us on email so you we'll get back to you. Yeah, I'll try to cover some more since we have two three more minutes. Is it compulsory to use Google cloud, Google trail editor, MCP server as well the other Google tools for this project? I think if you're getting the credits then yes but you can deploy a MCP server anywhere. Uh but if you are getting the credits and everything to set up the lab so I think you should make use of it and do that. Um and then let me just pick some more questions. The real idea is for an app but we are building a prototype for a website for the sake of simplicity. Uh I don't know if this question is for your project but I think a prototype should work as per me but maybe Shwa can comment more on it. Uh regarding this uh hackathon that you are doing. There is one uh problem treatment that is lined up for professionals uh that should be like that should go live this by the end of this week. We have four problem treatments that are already live. So make sure that you check out those as well. Yeah, for API enabling it shows error. It might show error if your project is not linked to a billing account. So uh shellpa link your project to the billing account. Uh it will not show you the error. Deployment failed. Uh deployment should not fail if you are creating a project giving the correct project ID linking it to a billing ID. Uh do we need to have our own project or we can use built-in? You can there's no built-in project. There's one I think which is created by default. I would strongly recommend to create your own project with the name that you are doing it. Websocket connection. Uh please try to troubleshoot that. Project building not open. You're getting an error. Yeah, you have to link your project to the billing account. Uh do we need a database for MCP like Postgress? I think already answered this is not mandatory but uh you can have a database where from where you're trying to fetch the data you can configure that okay I think we have covered most of it can we include more than two three working features in our prototype yes I can I think you Can can we deploy production ready app? We can I think uh there is one person who asked can we include more than two three working features in our prototype? Yes, definitely. There is one issue with step four. Uh I think we have covered that step saying project billing not API. Yeah, enabling APIs will fail if there is no billing account. So that is required. Um without that it will fail. Uh there's one question I saw while changing the billing account. It said no available billing account but I still follow through on the way I need. So you have to when you claim the credits it creates a by default a billing account right and when you create a new project you have to link that billing account to it. If it is not showing you available billing account then um I don't know if we were able to get the u billing ids or not but when you uh when you're changing the billing account let me quickly show it again. So let's say you are in your billing account. When you go to billing account, you should have these list of billing accounts, right? Uh first make sure that it shows any like when you claim these credits, you will uh get the billing account. So it should show here and then when you are in the project, make sure you link it to that particular billing account. Okay. So do we have any videos or sessions on professional track problem statements? Um yes for professional track problem statement the session will be happening this Friday. Uh tomorrow you will be receiving an uh invite email with the timing and joining link as well. We need authentication to MCP server with agents and our UI for prototype. So your agents will um actually talk to LLM and your LM will sort of uh you know interact with the MCP server. So I yeah you can set a authentication you will probably need to set up uh there are like couple of code available on GitHub uh also for setting up a MCP server. Though this lab was a very small and the code that is given in this exercise um is is just a sample of how to do it. But I would recommend you to go through some of the code available on GitHub to sort of see how you can establish that authentication in it. Do we have to use only Google AI products or we can use some third party? I think I already answered this since you have the credits then you can use these for free. Some of the services as I explained are uh excellent to use especially Gemini in vortex AI and u you know the ADK if you have attended the ADK session the uh uh ADK is again an excellent tool and now that you can add some more value by adding an NCP server to it. Vortex AI platform the databases all these have a very uh quick integration uh in the entire uh system that you are building. So definitely some of the AI services from Google will help you. Okay, I think we are already on top of time. Sha, anything else or to drop? Okay, the submission template says that's a suggestion that at least two three working features should be there. If you want to submit a fullfledged product, please do that. If you want to add more features or maybe more uh like backend functioning as well, you can add that as well. But the minimum bare minimum requirement is that at least two to three features should be working off your prototype. Uh you cannot combine two problem statement for the project. Each project one team has to select one problem statement and submit one solution. you have to use Google AI tools and I believe these are the recent questions. For rest of the questions, please u reach out to us either on discord or on email. We will be happy to get you back and for today thank you so much for joining us today to all the to all the participants and to our speaker as well. Thank you so much Pratika for your time. Thank you so much. Bye-bye. Thank you. Bye.